[DOCS][KSPM] Benchmark rules - new doc (#2332)
elastic/security-docs: docs/cloud-native-security/benchmark-rules.asciidoc

[[benchmark-rules]]
= Benchmark rules

> The Benchmark Integrations page helps you view and manage the CSP benchmark rules that are active for each of your <<kspm, KSPM integrations>>. Benchmark rules define security best practices for Kubernetes configuration, and form the basis of <<kspm, Findings>>.

Reviewer: It'd probably be good to spell out CSP and KSPM on these first references. Also the reference to "Findings" seems a little obscure, esp if this is the first time learning about it -- maybe a little more context:
```suggestion
The Benchmark Integrations page helps you view and manage the cloud security posture (CSP) benchmark rules that are active for each of your <<kspm, Kubernetes security posture management (KSPM) integrations>>. Benchmark rules define security best practices for Kubernetes configuration, and form the basis of the results on the <<kspm, Findings page>>.
```

> To view the benchmark rules associated with a policy, click that policy's name. You can then click on a benchmark rule's name to see details, including information about how to remediate failures and related links.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion for a better flow. 
```suggestion
To view the benchmark rules associated with a policy, click that policy's name. You can then click on a benchmark rule's name to see details, including information about how to remediate failures and related links. 

NOTE: Benchmark rules are not editable. 
```

> To view the benchmark rules associated with a policy, click that policy's name. You can then click on a benchmark rule's name to see details, including information about how to remediate failures, and related links.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To view the benchmark rules associated with a policy, click that policy's name. You can then click on a benchmark rule's name to see details, including information about how to remediate failures and related links.
```

> You can't edit benchmark rules, but you can enable and disable them for each agent integration policy. They default to `Enabled`. You can enable or disable them individually, or in bulk by using the *Bulk Actions* menu. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can't edit benchmark rules, but you can enable and disable them for each agent integration policy. They default to `Enabled`. You can enable or disable them individually, or in bulk with the *Bulk Actions* menu. 
```

> You can't edit benchmark rules, but you can enable and disable them for each agent integration policy. They default to `Enabled`. You can enable or disable them individually, or in bulk with the *Bulk Actions* menu. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can't edit benchmark rules, but you can enable and disable them for each {agent} integration policy. They default to `Enabled`. You can enable or disable them individually, or in bulk with the *Bulk Actions* menu. 
```

> You can't edit benchmark rules, but you can enable and disable them for each {agent} integration policy. They default to `Enabled`. You can enable or disable them individually, or in bulk with the *Bulk Actions* menu. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can enable or disable benchmark rules for each integration policy, either individually or in bulk using the *Bulk Actions* menu. By default, benchmark rules are enabled. 
```
